
XFTI_PCDRV_LB_2_17_0009

Filesize : 51.11 MB

Release date : 3 Jan 13

File Name : XFTI_PCDRV_LB_2_17_0009.exe 

This download is a driver providing Microsoft® Windows® 8 support for Creative Sound Blaster® X-Fi™ Titanium series of audio devices. For more details, read the rest of this web release note.

This download contains the driver and following application(s):
Creative Audio Control Panel 

This download supports the following audio devices only:
Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty® Champion Series
Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty Professional Series
Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium Professional Audio
Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium 

Added Features or Enhancements:
Improves the loading time of Audio Control Panel.
Enables selection of other microphones under the Microphone Effects tab of Audio Control Panel.

Fixes:
Resolves the following issues:
Microphone volume level is not saved in each Creative Console Launcher mode.
 Requires the latest Creative Console Launcher application (v2.61.49).
No sound is passed through S/PDIF output when playing back DVD movies using Windows Media® Player 12.
Buttons on the X-Fi I/O drive do not work in Windows XP. 
Occasional unresponsiveness in Audio Control Panel when configuring the Flexijack.
Speaker Configuration in Audio Control Panel is not synchronized when Headphones option is selected in Game Mode or Audio Creation Mode.
System becomes unresponsive when shutting down Windows while DTS® Connect is enabled.

Known Issues:


Audio stutters during the opening video for certain game titles while Dolby Digital® Live is enabled. This issue occurs on certain hardware and OS configurations only. More details and a workaround are available here. 

Requirements:
Microsoft Windows 8 64-bit or 32-bit, Windows 7 64-bit or 32-bit, Windows Vista 64-bit with Service Pack 1 (SP1), Windows Vista 32-bit with SP1, Windows XP Professional x64 Edition, Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3), Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) 2005 or Windows XP MCE 2004
Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium series audio devices listed above

Notes:
To install this driver 
Download the XFTI_PCDRV_LB_2_17_0009.exe file onto your local hard disk.
Double-click the downloaded file.
Follow the instructions on the screen.